This is an Android installer for Rob Landley's toybox.  Toybox combines
common Linux command line utilities together into a single BSD-licensed
executable that's simple, small, fast, reasonably standards-compliant,
and powerful enough to turn Android into a development environment.

http://landley.net/code/toybox/

In general I'll follow toybox's version number, even if there is no need
to change this code.  Currently that's 0.4.8.  If I ever have to change
the code between toybox versions, I'll add another point.


Design.
=======

My initial design thoughts are to download a recent binary of toybox
from Rob's web site that is suitable for what ever CPU we are running
on.

http://landley.net/code/toybox/downloads/binaries/

java.lang.System.getProperty("os.arch"); returns things like "armv7l". 
Currently the latests toybox binaries download only provides ARM 4, 5,
and 6 versions.  So would need some massaging to get the closest match.

Then provide a list of the folders in the current PATH, so the user can
select where to install it.  Likely root will be needed, though I think
there are non root ways of running things like toybox.

A fall back option is to use some sort of directory picker.  Might just
provide that anyway, for extra flexibility.  One more option might be to
allow a choice of versions to install.


About the logo.
===============

After some discussion on the mailing list about a suitable logo, Rob
mentioned that he would love to get the rights to use the image from -

http://www.dorodango.com/about.html

Bruce Gardner was gracious enough to give us the rights to use that
image for the toybox logo.  So the Placitas_Green_pillow.jpg image, and
all derivations of it, are used with permission from Bruce Gardner. 
Thank you Bruce.

Original image size is 176x176, Android requires MDPI 48x48, HDPI 72x72,
XHDPI 96x96, XXHDPI 144x144, XXXHDPI 192x192, and Google Play logo at
512x512.  LDPI is also supported, but that gets the HDPI scaled down to
36x36 automatically.  Actually Android in general takes what it has and
tries to scale it as best it can.  Cropping it to 144 works OK.


Authors.
========

Rob Landley is the creator and maintainer of toybox, and many people
have contributed to toybox (see details on the toybox website above).

David Seikel is the author of this toyboxInstaller app for Android.


License.
========

ToyboxInstaller is licensed under the same BSD style license that toybox
is licensed under.  See the toybox web site above for details.
